Eungchan Kim
2012.5.2

5. What does ETL stand for?
A: Extract, Transform, Load
W: For describing the process to move the data from other source into Data Warehouse.

7.4 Pivot
A: Swap, or rotate dimensions (changing axis on a chart)
W: There are several advantages to using pivot tables. 
One advantage is that a pivot table summarizes the data contained in a long list into a compact format. 
A pivot table can also help one find relationships within the data that are otherwise hard to see because of the amount of detail. 
Yet another advantage is that a pivot table organizes the data into a format that is very easy to convert into charts.
(from http://www.learn.geekinterview.com/data-warehouse/data-profiling/what-is-data-pivot.html)

8. Put the following steps for building a classifier in the correct chronological order
A:
1) Prepare training data
5) Set aside hold-out set
2) Teach classifier
6) Save model parameters
7) Verification with testing data
4) Input unlabeled new data into model
3) Output guesses on new data

W:
If you can only use limited data for both training and testing, you need to set aside hold-out set before training.
Otherwise, there is no way to verify the model you create from training process.
 

10. What is information gain and how is it used to build decision tree?
A&W:
Information Gain is the expected reduction in entropy caused by partitioning the examples according to a given attribute.
It simply represents comparison of how mixed results are before and after splitting.
For example, two pure data sets have less entropy on average than one mixed.

A Decision Tree is a tree-structured plan of a set of attributes to test in order to predict the output.
1) To decide which attribute should be tested first, 
2) simply find the one with the highest information gain, 
3) then recurse.
(from http://www.math.unipd.it/~aiolli/corsi/0708/IR/Lez12.pdf)


11. Fixing gradient descent
A: moving in correct direction
W: Outcome here in the example is getting bigger which means your program is going to wrong direction to find solution.
In this case, you need to change the sign of gradient and see if the RMSE goes smaller or closer to 0. 
One more thing you need to keep in mind is that use appropriate size of step by choosing right weight(alpha).


14. Draw a dendrogram showing clustering for these points
A:
1) B,D and C,E
2) A,B,D and C,E
3) A,B,D,C,E

W: The order of clustering is important to draw the dendrogram. 
The clustering method used will depend on the units being grouped together. The objective is to put like units into small groups 
and then similar small groups into larger groups, until the whole list is in a single cluster. 
(from http://www.ehow.com/how_5232863_draw-dendrogram.html)